# Middlesex School Covid Tracker

#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/11iFnmNu6Cw

#### Description:
Hello, My name is Pranav Natarajan and I am a rising senior. The project that I programmed and created is called The Middlesex Covid Tracker. It is a web-based application using JavaScript, Python, and SQL to track and store the necessary Covid information for students and faculty at my school. This site was designed for the faculty who work in the Health Center to be better able to record the data of every single student, teacher, and faculty on the campus for their Covid Test and to better keep track of students, teachers, and faculty if they were to test positive. The site begins with a register or login page depending on if the user has an account or not. If he or she would need to register, the user would input their preferred username and password and then input their password again for confirmation and then click register for their account to be made and saved. If he or she already has an account, the user would just need to input their username and password and click login. Once logged in, the user will be brought to the home page where they can either click on the student button to see the student's information or click on the faculty button to see the faculty information. If the user were to click on the student button, the user would be brought to the student information page where a table displays the student id, the first name, the last name, the gender, the grade, the student type, if they are on campus or remote, the email, the phone number, and the emergency phone number. Above the table, there are select dropdowns and a search button in order to filter through the students. For example, if the user wants to see the information of all grade 9 males in the table, he or she would simply enter 9 and male into the dropdown and hit search and the table will display all males in grade 9. To reset the table, the user would just need to hit the clear button. The faculty information page functions the same as the student page, however, the faculty are also separated into departments as well such as Math or Science. In the table, the user will notice that the student/faculty id is a button. If the user were to click for example the student id 1's button, the site will bring up Student One's Covid Test Form where the information of if the test was taken, what date was the test, what was the result of the test, is a quarantine needed, if it needs what is the start and end date, and finally if the parents are notified. Once the user inputs all the data, he or she would hit submit and all the data would be saved and displayed on the table. The faculty side functions the same as the student side but does not have the parents notified section. Each student and faculty have their own form that can be filled out and stored. Whenever the user needs to update a student or faculty's records, the user can fill out another form and submit it which will update the stored information.